Improve mTLS tutorials (#2279)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/user/tutorials/01-10-mtls-authentication/configure-mtls-k3d.md

    ```
5. Create the server's certificate.
    
    ```bash
    SERVER_CERT_CN="${GATEWAY_DOMAIN}"
    SERVER_CERT_ORG="ML Server Org"
    SERVER_CERT_CRT_FILE="${SERVER_CERT_CN}.crt"
    SERVER_CERT_CSR_FILE="${SERVER_CERT_CN}.csr"
    SERVER_CERT_KEY_FILE="${SERVER_CERT_CN}.key"
    openssl req -out "${SERVER_CERT_CSR_FILE}" -newkey rsa:2048 -nodes -keyout "${SERVER_CERT_KEY_FILE}" -subj "/CN=${SERVER_CERT_CN}/O=${SERVER_CERT_ORG}"
    ```
6. Sign the server's certificate.
    
    ```bash
    openssl x509 -req -days 365 -CA "${SERVER_ROOT_CA_CRT_FILE}" -CAkey "${SERVER_ROOT_CA_KEY_FILE}" -set_serial 0 -in "${SERVER_CERT_CSR_FILE}" -out "${SERVER_CERT_CRT_FILE}"
    ```

7. Create the server's certificate chain consisting of the server's certificate and the server's root CA.
   
    ```bash
    SERVER_CERT_CHAIN_FILE="${SERVER_CERT_CN}-chain.pem"
    cat "${SERVER_CERT_CRT_FILE}" "${SERVER_ROOT_CA_CRT_FILE}" > "${SERVER_CERT_CHAIN_FILE}"
    ```
8. Create a Secret for the mTLS Gateway with the server's key and certificate.
    
    ```bash

>     GATEWAY_SECRET=kyma-mtls

Reviewer: Same thing as in gardener part about this var

          hosts:
            - "${GATEWAY_DOMAIN}"
    EOF
    ```
14. Create a sample HTTPBin Deployment.

    ```bash
    cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: ServiceAccount
    metadata:
      name: httpbin
      namespace: test
    ---
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: Service
    metadata:
      name: httpbin
      namespace: test
      labels:
        app: httpbin
        service: httpbin
    spec:
      ports:
      - name: http
        port: 8000
        targetPort: 80
      selector:
        app: httpbin
    ---
    apiVersion: apps/v1
    kind: Deployment
    metadata:
      name: httpbin
      namespace: test
    spec:
      replicas: 1
      selector:
        matchLabels:
          app: httpbin
          version: v1
      template:
        metadata:
          labels:
            app: httpbin
            version: v1
        spec:
          serviceAccountName: httpbin
          containers:
          - image: docker.io/kennethreitz/httpbin
            imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
            name: httpbin
            ports:
            - containerPort: 80
    EOF
    ```

15. To expose the HTTPBin Deployment, create an APIRule custom resource.

>     The APIRule must include the `X-CLIENT-SSL-CN: '%DOWNSTREAM_PEER_SUBJECT%'`, `X-CLIENT-SSL-ISSUER: '%DOWNSTREAM_PEER_ISSUER%'`, and `X-CLIENT-SSL-SAN: '%DOWNSTREAM_PEER_URI_SAN%'` headings. These headers are necessary to ensure that the backend service receives the authenticated client's identity.

Reviewer: Same as in gardener part about those headers

- the server certificate chain (server certificate plus any intermediate CAs)
- the client root CA used to validate presented client certificates. 
Each client connecting through the mTLS Gateway must have a valid client certificate and key and trust the server's root CA.

To better illustrate the process, this procedure uses self-signed certificates. First, you create the server root CA, generate and sign the server certificate, and assemble the certificate chain so the gateway can present a valid chain to clients. Next, you create the client root CA and generate a client certificate that the server can validate.

When using self-signed certificates for mTLS, you act as your own CA and establish trust relationships without relying on a publicly trusted authority. Therefore, this approach is recommended for use in testing or development environments only. 

>[!WARNING]
> For production deployments, use trusted certificate authorities to ensure proper security and automatic certificate management.

## Prerequisites
- [k3d](https://k3d.io/stable/)
- [OpenSSL](https://openssl-library.org/)

## Procedure
1. Create a Kyma cluster with the Istio and API Gateway modules added.

>     ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    ```bash
```

    ```bash
    kubectl create ns kyma-system
    kubectl label namespace kyma-system istio-injection=enabled --overwrite
    kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/releases/latest/download/istio-manager.yaml
    kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/releases/latest/download/istio-default-cr.yaml
    kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/releases/latest/download/api-gateway-manager.yaml
    kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/releases/latest/download/apigateway-default-cr.yaml
    ```

3. Create a namespace with Istio sidecar injection enabled.
    ```bash
    kubectl create ns test
    kubectl label namespace test istio-injection=enabled --overwrite
    ```

> 4. Export the following domain names as environment variables, you might want to adapt them to your use case:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Export the following domain names as environment variables. You can adapt them to your use case:
```

5. Create the server's root CA.

    ```bash
    SERVER_ROOT_CA_KEY_FILE="server_root_ca_cn.key"
    SERVER_ROOT_CA_CRT_FILE="server_root_ca_cn.crt"
    openssl req -x509 -sha256 -nodes -days 365 -newkey rsa:2048 -subj "/O=Example Server Root CA ORG/CN=Example Client Root CA CN" -keyout "${SERVER_ROOT_CA_KEY_FILE}" -out "${SERVER_ROOT_CA_CRT_FILE}"
    ```
6. Create the server's certificate.
    
    ```bash
    SERVER_CERT_CRT_FILE=""${GATEWAY_DOMAIN}".crt"
    SERVER_CERT_CSR_FILE=""${GATEWAY_DOMAIN}".csr"
    SERVER_CERT_KEY_FILE=""${GATEWAY_DOMAIN}".key"
    openssl req -out "${SERVER_CERT_CSR_FILE}" -newkey rsa:2048 -nodes -keyout "${SERVER_CERT_KEY_FILE}" -subj "/CN=${GATEWAY_DOMAIN}/O=Example Server Cert Org"
    ```
7. Sign the server's certificate.
    
    ```bash
    openssl x509 -req -days 365 -CA "${SERVER_ROOT_CA_CRT_FILE}" -CAkey "${SERVER_ROOT_CA_KEY_FILE}" -set_serial 0 -in "${SERVER_CERT_CSR_FILE}" -out "${SERVER_CERT_CRT_FILE}"
    ```

8. Create the server's certificate chain consisting of the server's certificate and the server's root CA.
   
    ```bash

>     SERVER_CERT_CHAIN_FILE="${SERVER_CERT_CN}-chain.pem"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    SERVER_CERT_CHAIN_FILE="cert-chain.pem"
```

    cat "${SERVER_CERT_CRT_FILE}" "${SERVER_ROOT_CA_CRT_FILE}" > "${SERVER_CERT_CHAIN_FILE}"
    ```
9. Create a Secret for the mTLS Gateway with the server's key and certificate.
    
    ```bash
    kubectl create secret tls -n istio-system kyma-mtls --key="${SERVER_CERT_KEY_FILE}" --cert="${SERVER_CERT_CHAIN_FILE}"
    ```

> 10. Create the client's root CA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Create the client's root CA.

```

    ```bash
    CLIENT_ROOT_CA_KEY_FILE="client_root_ca_cn.key"
    CLIENT_ROOT_CA_CRT_FILE="client_root_ca_cn.crt"
    openssl req -x509 -sha256 -nodes -days 365 -newkey rsa:2048 -subj "/O=Example Client Root CA ORG/CN=Example Client Root CA CN" -keyout "${CLIENT_ROOT_CA_KEY_FILE}" -out "${CLIENT_ROOT_CA_CRT_FILE}"
    ```

> 11.  Create the client's certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11.  Create the client's certificate.

```

    ```bash
    openssl x509 -req -days 365 -CA "${CLIENT_ROOT_CA_CRT_FILE}" -CAkey "${CLIENT_ROOT_CA_KEY_FILE}" -set_serial 0 -in "${CLIENT_CERT_CSR_FILE}" -out "${CLIENT_CERT_CRT_FILE}"
    ```

13.  Create a Secret for the mTLS Gateway containing the client's CA certificate. 
    The Secret must follow Istio convention. See [Key Formats](https://istio.io/latest/docs/tasks/traffic-management/ingress/secure-ingress/#key-formats).
    
    ```bash
    kubectl create secret generic -n istio-system "kyma-mtls-cacert" --from-file=cacert="${CLIENT_ROOT_CA_CRT_FILE}"
    ```

14.  Create the mTLS Gateway.
    
    ```bash
    cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
    apiVersion: networking.istio.io/v1alpha3
    kind: Gateway
    metadata:
      name: kyma-mtls-gateway
      namespace: test
    spec:
      selector:
        app: istio-ingressgateway
        istio: ingressgateway
      servers:
        - port:
            number: 443
            name: mtls
            protocol: HTTPS
          tls:
            mode: MUTUAL
            credentialName: kyma-mtls
          hosts:
            - "${GATEWAY_DOMAIN}"
    EOF
    ```

15. To expose your workload, create an APIRule custom resource.

>     You can configure the APIRule to append the headers *X-CLIENT-SSL-CN: '%DOWNSTREAM_PEER_SUBJECT%'*, *X-CLIENT-SSL-ISSUER: '%DOWNSTREAM_PEER_ISSUER%'*, and *X-CLIENT-SSL-SAN: '%DOWNSTREAM_PEER_URI_SAN%'* to the request. These headers provide the upstream (your workload) with the downstream (authenticated client's) identity. This is optional configuration is commonly used in mTLS use cases. For more information about these values, see [Envoy Access logging](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/configuration/observability/access_log/usage#access-logging).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You can configure the APIRule to append the headers *X-CLIENT-SSL-CN: '%DOWNSTREAM_PEER_SUBJECT%'*, *X-CLIENT-SSL-ISSUER: '%DOWNSTREAM_PEER_ISSUER%'*, and *X-CLIENT-SSL-SAN: '%DOWNSTREAM_PEER_URI_SAN%'* to the request. These headers provide the upstream (your workload) with the downstream (authenticated client's) identity. This optional configuration is commonly used in mTLS use cases. For more information about these values, see [Envoy Access logging](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/configuration/observability/access_log/usage#access-logging).
```

      replicas: 1
      selector:
        matchLabels:
          app: httpbin
          version: v1
      template:
        metadata:
          labels:
            app: httpbin
            version: v1
        spec:
          serviceAccountName: httpbin
          containers:
          - image: docker.io/kennethreitz/httpbin
            imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
            name: httpbin
            ports:
            - containerPort: 80
    EOF
    ```

    ```bash
    cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
    apiVersion: gateway.kyma-project.io/v2
    kind: APIRule
    metadata:
      name: httpbin-mtls
      namespace: test
    spec:
      gateway: test/kyma-mtls-gateway
      hosts:
        - "${WORKLOAD_DOMAIN}"
      rules:
        - methods:
            - GET
          noAuth: true
          path: /*
          timeout: 300
          request:
            headers:
              X-CLIENT-SSL-CN: '%DOWNSTREAM_PEER_SUBJECT%'
              X-CLIENT-SSL-ISSUER: '%DOWNSTREAM_PEER_ISSUER%'
              X-CLIENT-SSL-SAN: '%DOWNSTREAM_PEER_URI_SAN%'
      service:
        name: httpbin
        port: 8000
    EOF
    ```

16.  To test the mTLS connection, run the following curl command:

>      1. Run the following curl command:

Reviewer 2: This seems to repeat the previous sentence

```suggestion
```
